<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    
    <title>Call CSV schedulers</title>
    
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/epub.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/banner.css" type="text/css" /> 
  </head>
  <body role="document">

    <div class="related" role="navigation" aria-label="related navigation">
      <h3>Navigation</h3>
      <ul>
        <li class="right" style="margin-right: 10px">
          <a href="../../../genindex.xhtml" title="General Index"
             accesskey="I">index</a></li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="../settings/index.xhtml" title="Settings"
             accesskey="N">next</a> |</li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="external_calls.xhtml" title="External calls"
             accesskey="P">previous</a> |</li>
        <li class="nav-item nav-item-0"><a href="../../../index.xhtml">IvozProvider Artemis documentation</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-1"><a href="../index.xhtml" >Brand Configuration</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-2"><a href="index.xhtml" accesskey="U">Calls</a> &#187;</li> 
      </ul>
    </div>

    <div class="document">
      <div class="documentwrapper">
          <div class="body" role="main">
            
  <div class="section" id="call-csv-schedulers">
<h1>Call CSV schedulers</h1>
<p>This section allows programming the automatic periodical creation of CSV reports to:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>Clients (no matter type).</li>
<li>Brand operators.</li>
</ul>
<div class="admonition note">
<p class="first admonition-title">Note</p>
<p class="last">This section is almost identical to <a class="reference internal" href="../invoicing/invoice_schedulers.xhtml#invoice-schedulers"><span class="std std-ref">Invoice schedulers</span></a> except to the
fields that do not apply to CSVs (Invoice number sequence, Tax rate...)</p>
</div>
<div class="admonition tip">
<p class="first admonition-title">Tip</p>
<p class="last">Brand operators can schedule a CSV containing calls of all its clients.
In this kind of schedules, a notification template can be chosen. In remaining
schedules, the notification template assigned to the specific client will be used.</p>
</div>
<p>When adding a new definition, these fields are shown:</p>
<dl class="glossary docutils">
<dt id="term-name">Name</dt>
<dd>Name of the scheduled Call CSV</dd>
<dt id="term-call-direction">Call direction:</dt>
<dd>Which kind of calls should be included: Inbound, outbound or both.</dd>
<dt id="term-client">Client</dt>
<dd>Which client calls should be included</dd>
<dt id="term-email">Email</dt>
<dd>Send generated Call CSV via email. Empty if no automatic mail is wanted.</dd>
<dt id="term-notification-template">Notification template:</dt>
<dd>Used on email notifications</dd>
<dt id="term-frequency-unit">Frequency/Unit</dt>
<dd>Defines the frequency (once a month, every 7 days, etc.) of the programmed task</dd>
</dl>
<p>Once created, some new fields and subsections are accesible:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>Next execution date.</li>
<li>Last execution date and result (success/error).</li>
<li>Generated CSVs in <strong>List of Call CSV reports</strong>.</li>
</ul>
<div class="admonition tip">
<p class="first admonition-title">Tip</p>
<p class="last">Brand operator can generate CSV containing calls of all clients.</p>
</div>
<div class="section" id="csv-fields">
<h2>CSV fields</h2>
<p>These are the fields of the generated CSV files:</p>
<dl class="glossary docutils">
<dt id="term-callid">callid</dt>
<dd>Call-ID of the SIP dialog</dd>
<dt id="term-starttime">startTime</dt>
<dd>Time and date of the call establishment</dd>
<dt id="term-duration">duration</dt>
<dd>Call duration in seconds</dd>
<dt id="term-caller">caller</dt>
<dd>Caller number in E.164 format (with &#8216;+&#8217;)</dd>
<dt id="term-callee">callee</dt>
<dd>Callee number in E.164 format (with &#8216;+&#8217;)</dd>
<dt id="term-price">price</dt>
<dd>Calculated price for the given call</dd>
<dt id="term-direction">direction</dt>
<dd>call direction</dd>
</dl>
<p>In Brand CSVs, these additional fields will be included too:</p>
<dl class="glossary docutils">
<dt id="term-endpointtype">endpointType</dt>
<dd>&#8216;RetailAccount&#8217; for retail clients, empty for remaining types.</dd>
<dt id="term-endpointid">endpointId</dt>
<dd>Retail Account ID for retail clients, empty for remaining types.</dd>
<dt id="term-cost">cost</dt>
<dd>Calculated cost for the given call</dd>
<dt id="term-companyid">companyId</dt>
<dd>Client ID</dd>
</dl>
</div>
</div>


          </div>
      </div>
      <div class="clearer"></div>
    </div>

    <div class="footer" role="contentinfo">
        &#169; Copyright 2016-2019, Irontec.
      Created using <a href="http://sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> 1.4.9.
    </div>
  </body>
</html>