<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="es">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    
    <title>Residential</title>
    
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/epub.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/banner.css" type="text/css" /> 
  </head>
  <body role="document">

    <div class="related" role="navigation" aria-label="related navigation">
      <h3>Navegación</h3>
      <ul>
        <li class="right" style="margin-right: 10px">
          <a href="../../../genindex.xhtml" title="Índice General"
             accesskey="I">índice</a></li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="retail.xhtml" title="Retail"
             accesskey="N">siguiente</a> |</li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="virtual_pbx.xhtml" title="Virtual PBX"
             accesskey="P">anterior</a> |</li>
        <li class="nav-item nav-item-0"><a href="../../../index.xhtml">documentación de IvozProvider - Artemis</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-1"><a href="../index.xhtml" >Brand Configuration</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-2"><a href="index.xhtml" accesskey="U">Clients</a> &#187;</li> 
      </ul>
    </div>

    <div class="document">
      <div class="documentwrapper">
          <div class="body" role="main">
            
  <div class="section" id="residential">
<h1>Residential</h1>
<p>Residential clients are a more lightweight client type than <em>vPBX clients</em>.</p>
<p>Their target is to provide these services to residential environments:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>Configure one or more residential devices (SIP devices).</li>
<li>Setup one or more DDIs.</li>
<li><strong>Place external calls</strong> showing one of those DDIs.</li>
<li><strong>Receive external calls</strong> to their DDIs.</li>
<li>Send/Receive virtual faxes.</li>
<li>Record calls.</li>
</ul>
<div class="admonition warning">
<p class="first admonition-title">Advertencia</p>
<p class="last">No users, no extensions, no internal calls, no hunt groups, no IVRs... just <strong>incoming and outgoing external
calls (and a few voice services)</strong>.</p>
</div>
<div class="admonition error">
<p class="first admonition-title">Error</p>
<p class="last">Residential clients and their devices <strong>MUST use Brand&#8217;s SIP domain in their SIP messages</strong>.</p>
</div>
<div class="section" id="adding-editing-residential-clients">
<h2>Adding/Editing residential clients</h2>
<div class="admonition hint">
<p class="first admonition-title">Consejo</p>
<p class="last">Some fields described below may not be visible depending on enabled features.</p>
</div>
<p>These are the fields shown when <strong>adding</strong> a new residential client:</p>
<dl class="glossary docutils">
<dt id="term-billing-method">Billing method</dt>
<dd>To choose among postpaid, prepaid and pseudo-prepaid.</dd>
<dt id="term-country-code">Country code</dt>
<dd>Default country code for DDIs.</dd>
<dt id="term-currency">Currency</dt>
<dd>Chosen currency will be used in price calculation, invoices, balance movements and
remaining money operations of this client.</dd>
<dt id="term-default-timezone">Default timezone</dt>
<dd>Used for showing call registries dates.</dd>
<dt id="term-features">Features</dt>
<dd>Enable/Disable faxing and call recording for this particular client.</dd>
<dt id="term-filter-by-ip-address">Filter by IP address</dt>
<dd>If set, the platform will only allow calls coming from allowed IP addresses or network ranges.</dd>
<dt id="term-language">Language</dt>
<dd>Used to choose the language of played locutions.</dd>
<dt id="term-max-calls">Max calls</dt>
<dd>Limits both client generated and external received calls to this value (0 for unlimited). Setting to 2 will allow
setting 2 outgoing calls and received 2 incoming calls (in parallel).</dd>
<dt id="term-name">Name</dt>
<dd>Used to reference this particular client.</dd>
<dt id="term-numeric-transformation">Numeric transformation</dt>
<dd>Describes the way the client will &#8220;talk&#8221; and the way the client wants to be &#8220;talked&#8221;.</dd>
</dl>
<p>When <strong>editing</strong> a client, these additional fields can be configured:</p>
<dl class="glossary docutils">
<dt id="term-externally-rater-custom-options">Externally rater custom options</dt>
<dd>This field is for setting options for an optional external rating module.</dd>
<dt id="term-invoice-data">Invoice data</dt>
<dd>All the fields in this group will be included in invoices generated for this client. This section also allows
displaying invoices list in client&#8217;s portal menu so they can download them.</dd>
<dt id="term-notification-options">Notification options</dt>
<dd>This group allows choosing a notification template for both faxes and voicemail notifications.</dd>
<dt id="term-outgoing-ddi">Outgoing DDI</dt>
<dd>Fallback DDI for external outgoing calls (can be overridden at residential device level).</dd>
<dt id="term-recordings">Recordings</dt>
<dd>This group allows choosing an on-demand method or disabling this feature and the code used to enable it on call.</dd>
</dl>
<div class="admonition note">
<p class="first admonition-title">Nota</p>
<p>Apart from these fields, main operator (<em>aka</em> God) will also see a <strong>Platform data</strong> group that allows:</p>
<ul class="last simple">
<li>Choosing an specific media relay set for the client.</li>
<li>Choose the way that calls of this client will be distributed among existing application servers (<strong>hash based</strong> is recommended).</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="admonition tip">
<p class="first admonition-title">Truco</p>
<p class="last">For outgoing calls, platform will use the CLID provided by the client as long as it is considered valid, otherwise fallback DDI
will be used. The platform will consider as valid any CLID that matches one of the client&#8217;s DDIs.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section" id="additional-subsections">
<h2>Additional subsections</h2>
<p>Each entry in this table has these additional options:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><strong>List of authorized sources</strong>: if <em>Filter by IP address</em> is enabled, this subsection allows adding addresses or network ranges.</li>
</ul>
<div class="admonition error">
<p class="first admonition-title">Error</p>
<p class="last">No outgoing call will be allowed if <em>Filter by IP address</em> is enabled and the corresponding list is empty.</p>
</div>
<ul class="simple">
<li><strong>List of client admins</strong>: this subsection allows managing portal credentials for this specific client.</li>
<li><strong>List of rating profiles</strong>: this subsection allows managing the rating profiles that will be used to bill its outgoing calls.</li>
</ul>
<div class="admonition warning">
<p class="first admonition-title">Advertencia</p>
<p class="last">No outgoing call will be allowed for this client unless an active rating profiles that can
bill the specific call.</p>
</div>
<ul class="simple">
<li><strong>List of Outgoing routes</strong>: this subsections shows routing rules that apply only for this client.</li>
</ul>
<div class="admonition tip">
<p class="first admonition-title">Truco</p>
<p class="last">As <em>Apply all clients</em> routing rules also will apply for this client, the recommended way to manage routes is
using <strong>Outgoing routings</strong> section instead.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>


          </div>
      </div>
      <div class="clearer"></div>
    </div>

    <div class="footer" role="contentinfo">
        &#169; Copyright 2016-2019, Irontec.
      Creado con <a href="http://sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> 1.4.9.
    </div>
  </body>
</html>