<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">


<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="es">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    
    <title>Outgoing Routings</title>
    
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/epub.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/banner.css" type="text/css" /> 
  </head>
  <body role="document">

    <div class="related" role="navigation" aria-label="related navigation">
      <h3>Navegación</h3>
      <ul>
        <li class="right" style="margin-right: 10px">
          <a href="../../../genindex.xhtml" title="Índice General"
             accesskey="I">índice</a></li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="routing_patterns.xhtml" title="Routing patterns"
             accesskey="N">siguiente</a> |</li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="index.xhtml" title="Routing"
             accesskey="P">anterior</a> |</li>
        <li class="nav-item nav-item-0"><a href="../../../index.xhtml">documentación de IvozProvider - Artemis</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-1"><a href="../index.xhtml" >Brand Configuration</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-2"><a href="index.xhtml" accesskey="U">Routing</a> &#187;</li> 
      </ul>
    </div>

    <div class="document">
      <div class="documentwrapper">
          <div class="body" role="main">
            
  <div class="section" id="outgoing-routings">
<span id="routes-metrics"></span><h1>Outgoing Routings</h1>
<p>This is the main section in which routing policies are defined.</p>
<p>These are the fields that define an outgoing routing rule:</p>
<dl class="glossary docutils">
<dt id="term-client">Client</dt>
<dd>Should this rule apply to all clients or just to one specific client?</dd>
<dt id="term-routing-tag">Routing Tag</dt>
<dd>Routing tags allow clients to call to the same destination through different carriers. This field makes the
rule valid for just one routing tag (or for none).</dd>
<dt id="term-call-destination">Call destination</dt>
<dd>This groups allows selecting if this rule applies for just one destination pattern, for a group or for faxes.</dd>
<dt id="term-route-type">Route type</dt>
<dd>There are two kind of rules: static and LCR. In static, only one carrier is selected. In LCR, multiple carriers
may be selected.</dd>
<dt id="term-priority">Priority</dt>
<dd>If a call matches several routes, it will be placed using the outgoing
route with lower priority, as long as it is available.</dd>
<dt id="term-metric">Metric</dt>
<dd>If a call matches several routes with equal priority, metric will determine
the proportion of calls that will use one route or another.</dd>
</dl>
<div class="admonition error">
<p class="first admonition-title">Error</p>
<p class="last"><strong>All clients rules apply to all clients</strong>, even if they have specific matching rules. Matching specific rules and
global rules are merged when selecting a carrier for a given client.</p>
</div>
<div class="admonition tip">
<p class="first admonition-title">Truco</p>
<p class="last">If you want to achieve &#8220;Fallback for all clients&#8221; rules, make sure you use high priority values.</p>
</div>
<div class="admonition warning">
<p class="first admonition-title">Advertencia</p>
<p class="last">When placing a call to a given destination, rules with that pattern will be merged with rules of groups that contain that pattern.</p>
</div>
<div class="admonition note">
<p class="first admonition-title">Nota</p>
<p class="last">In all this rule merging process, priority and metric determine the order.</p>
</div>
<div class="admonition note">
<p class="first admonition-title">Nota</p>
<p class="last">Fax specific routes will apply first for both faxes sent via virtual faxing (see <a class="reference internal" href="../../client/vpbx/faxes.xhtml#faxes"><span class="std std-ref">Faxes</span></a>) or T.38 capable devices. If no fax
specific route found, remaining routes will apply as for a normal voice call to that destination.</p>
</div>
<p>Last two fields, priority and order, are key parameters to achieve two interesting features too: <strong>load-balancing</strong> and <strong>failover-routes</strong>.</p>
<div class="section" id="load-balancing">
<h2>Load balancing</h2>
<p><em>Load-balancing</em> lets us distribute calls matching the same pattern using
several valid outgoing routes.</p>
<p class="rubric">Example 1</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>Route A: priority 1, metric 1</li>
<li>Route B: priority 1, metric 1</li>
</ul>
<p>Call matching these routes will use route A for %50 of the calls and route B for
%50 of the calls.</p>
<p class="rubric">Example 2</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>Route A: priority 1, metric 1</li>
<li>Route B: priority 1, metric 2</li>
</ul>
<p>Call matching these routes will use route A for %33 of the calls and route B for
%66 of the calls.</p>
</div>
<div class="section" id="failover-routes">
<h2>Failover routes</h2>
<p>Failover route lets us use another route whenever the main route fails.</p>
<p class="rubric">Example</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li>Route A: priority 1, metric 1</li>
<li>Route B: priority 2, metric 1</li>
</ul>
<p>All calls matching these routes will try to use route A. In case the call fails,
the call will be placed using route B.</p>
<div class="admonition tip">
<p class="first admonition-title">Truco</p>
<p class="last">Although given examples use two routes, more routes can be chained and
failover and load-balancing strategies can be combined.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section" id="lcr-routes">
<h2>LCR routes</h2>
<p>LCR (<em>Least Cost Routing</em>) routes may select more than one carrier. Whenever a LCR rule is used, the platform will compute the call cost for that
given destination (for a 5 minutes duration) and will order them in increasing order.</p>
<div class="admonition note">
<p class="first admonition-title">Nota</p>
<p class="last">Carriers that cannot compute cost for a given destination are silently ignored (they are not used).</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section" id="lcr-and-static-rules-combined">
<h2>LCR and static rules combined</h2>
<p>Carrier election process can combine static and LCR rules:</p>
<ol class="arabic simple">
<li>Static rules result in one carrier with the priority and the weight of the rule.</li>
<li>LCR rules result in <em>n</em> carriers, ordered by call cost, all of them with the priority and the weight of the rule.</li>
<li>Carriers are ordered using priority (ascending order).</li>
<li>Carrier&#8217;s weight is used for load-balancing between carriers with same priority.</li>
</ol>
</div>
</div>


          </div>
      </div>
      <div class="clearer"></div>
    </div>

    <div class="footer" role="contentinfo">
        &#169; Copyright 2016-2019, Irontec.
      Creado con <a href="http://sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> 1.4.9.
    </div>
  </body>
</html>